Add docs on how to log into Grafana (#282)
fluxcd/website: content/en/docs/guides/monitoring.md

kubectl -n monitoring port-forward svc/kube-prometheus-stack-grafana 3000:80
```

> ## Log into the Grafana dashbooard

Reviewer: No need for a new header here, please remove it.

> To log into the Grafana dashboard, use the following credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To log into Grafana, use the following credentials:
```

```
username: admin
password: prom-operator
```

> These are the default values from the [kube-prometheus helm chart](https://github.com/prometheus-community/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/kube-prometheus-stack/values.yaml#L620)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the default values from the [kube-prometheus-stack chart](https://github.com/prometheus-community/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/kube-prometheus-stack/values.yaml#L620).
```

> ## Log into the Grafana dashbooard
> To log into the Grafana dashboard, use the following credentials:
> ```
> username: admin
> password: prom-operator
> ```
> These are the default values from the [kube-prometheus helm chart](https://github.com/prometheus-community/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/kube-prometheus-stack/values.yaml#L620)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Log in to the Grafana dashbooard

To log in to the Grafana dashboard, you can use the default credentials from the [kube-prometheus helm chart](https://github.com/prometheus-community/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/kube-prometheus-stack/values.yaml#L620):

```yaml
username: admin
password: prom-operator
```
```

Reviewer 2: * "Log into" -> "log in to"
* Explain where the credentials are from in a single sentence
* Add `yaml` to example block for highlighting
